Added FAQ item about TLP causing stutter on Intel (#382)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/FAQ/_index.md

By pressing the selected combo you will enter a mode where hyprland ignores your keybinds and passes them on to the vm.

Then, pressing `SUPER + Escape` will leave that mode.

> # Low FPS/stutter/FPS drops on intel iGPU with TLP (mainly laptops)
> The TLP defaults are rather agressive, setting `INTEL_GPU_MIN_FREQ_ON_AC` and/or `INTEL_GPU_MIN_FREQ_ON_BAT` in `/etc/tlp.conf` to something slightly higer (e.g. to 500 from 300) will reduce stutter significantly or, in the best case, remove it completly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Low FPS/stutter/FPS drops on Intel iGPU with TLP (mainly laptops)

The TLP defaults are rather aggressive, setting `INTEL_GPU_MIN_FREQ_ON_AC` and/or `INTEL_GPU_MIN_FREQ_ON_BAT` in `/etc/tlp.conf` to something slightly higher (e.g. to 500 from 300) will reduce stutter significantly or, in the best case, remove it completely.
```
